docs: data studio updates (#72641)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-studio/transforms/transforms-overview.md

- You can use Python to create transforms.

Use models to enable non-admins to create their own datasets within Metabase, and to add context like field descriptions and semantic types. Use transforms to create persisted datasets in your database and reuse them across Metabase. In future versions of Metabase, model persistence will be deprecated in favor of transforms.

## Convert models to transforms

If you have models you'd like to migrate to transforms, Metabase can convert them for you. When you convert a model, Metabase:

1. Creates a new transform based on the model's query.
2. Runs the transform to create the output table in your database.
3. Replaces every question, dashboard, and other item that used the model with the transform's output table.

> 4. Converts the model itself to a saved question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Converts the original model to a question.
```

You must be an admin to convert models, and the model's database must [support transforms](#databases-that-support-transforms).

Before converting models into transforms, review [Replacing data sources](../dependencies/replace-data-sources.md) docs for overview and limitations of the process.

> To convert a model into a transform:

Reviewer: Can we put this section first? Then explain what happens?

Author: no let's not tell people to push very high-consequence buttons before forcing them understand what those buttons do
